Add DevOps, CI/CD, and performance optimization instructions (#58)
github/awesome-copilot: instructions/devops-core-principles.instructions.md

---

> applyTo: ["*"]

Author: Done

> description: "Foundational instructions covering core DevOps principles, culture (CALMS), and key metrics (DORA) to guide GitHub Copilot in understanding and promoting effective software delivery."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Foundational instructions covering core DevOps principles, culture (CALMS), and key metrics (DORA) to guide GitHub Copilot in understanding and promoting effective software delivery.'
```
